you know the idea of money president
Trump send a text message to every
American whenever he wants to may sound
like a bad idea and it is a bad idea but
what do we do here in Hollywood when we
have a bad idea we make a major motion
picture out of it you're never gonna
believe you what Trump just tweeted
[Music]
tweeted
I thought we blocked him on Twitter you
might've thought we did block him
this is a tweet this is text message
that's impossible he can't text us candy
now he's texting fake news stormy
Daniels don't look at what now he's
texting the kids iPad
[Music]
[Applause]
I am Jimmy Kimmel click below to
subscribe to our YouTube channel or if
you want to be that way about it though